W-17883108-Update feature-flagging.adoc (#2938)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/feature-flagging.adoc

*Issue ID*

* W-17107281
<.^|`mule.forkJoin.completeChildContextsOnTimeout`

> |When enabled, the processors that perform fork and join work (currently Scatter Gather and Parallel For Each), will take care of completing the child event contexts when there is a timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|When enabled, the processors that perform fork and join work (currently, Scatter-Gather and Parallel For Each routers) complete the child event contexts when a timeout occurs.
```

*Available Since*

> * 4.4.0-202503

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.4.0-20250217
```

> * 4.4.0-20250217
> * 4.6.14
> * 4.9.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.9.2
* 4.6.14
* 4.4.0-20250217
```

*Enabled by Default Since*

> * 4.10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Not enabled by default in any Mule version
```
